good evening
I'm waiting for you already, we will soon miss
let's go to how would I see well how would
orders a lot of people are sitting waiting
car and I'm waiting for you maybe a little
go ahead but here's the house
two-story tall fence right i
I'm not standing in the dark
Well, get a brick fence right here
let's say you need 12 to the train yes
let you come on 12 well that's good
wear you will come to the cinema 212
system with pulled out of the bathroom you are not even
not given out do not listen
prepare sorry so right on
taverns somewhere somehow like us
Cup
I didn’t feel like a guest
I'll give you a stone too
somehow this
speak such purely Russian by
the phone seemed to me an accent for some reason
well thank you yes I thought you did not win
honestly usually people who
order a car time
it's all their unprofitable here to come all I
said at the time I made up people like that
I am not interested but 60 rubles
to order a car to travel on everyone
you are waiting for rubles to study under
the entrance
she already had enough
say survive order by time
actually something like a job come to
nine nine later it is dangerous before not
dangerous right that is what we don't
later that time the case came running
that we rent a car, then we ask
in an hour it costs somewhere else to wait
and order 60 60 you have to pay extra
next order
forgot something
This taxi driver hurried me because of him
there is something left
phone took the money
my grandmother said flo here we have the mill
without bags
need to
quay
or funny this is today we are funny
is it you today we are antonyms funny
and fun
probably do not need cheerful when doing
fun and funny when it looks like
which is
date warriors learn in a taxi here
quick i honestly coffins mind yu tuba i
only going to month i'm rollers
has come
here I am a registrar like clones
I immediately appear to the passenger
cut out yes I did not freeze imagine
I drove you at night there
yes no no where she or somehow with pins
ok women
a ray of light appear some such com
time to order a car there through the lip
He does not surpass the cheerful as it got caught
affairs who is by nationality boy he
as a black man speaks so bad
don't know the game is your route from regular
in Russian please I do not understand it
as soon as you want for
in everything i took somewhere north this
strikes where
what's there like she's an alibi in my opinion?
such a
there it is all told where
k and he, too, they say a taxi driver once
Worked 5-7 years ago
it 's some funny case
tell me too played along
I pin up that's so neat I do
I can now also that lobe means not a
shit a post three women for you and
court un oh yeah you fucking interesting
tell dreams
these carriers
No, I'm still collecting but
then pruned dad perry called mitino
of the world
time yes no time for it
when will I later extend everything
also stelevich when
but you wrap up Western
do not err here when
title to the courtyards courtyards there houses
lanes and back streets
his adventures
booklet I'm a driving coach so how
nothing to do ride
tractor learn to pedals push on
the coach trains very well shustrenko
crush well
understandably
where did the cherries know all
planted here and like ice can
almost here
name return do not drink
here a little bit
and yes yes hello yes of course I only
I wanted to grab an order for accounting
where is he gone yes I'm right at the door
standing
thank